Darka only and extreme defenders and couple
attacking but still today
still not color by gael cliché salewa
there are not so many scored goals yet
this worthy event has already caught up
his company then
feeling that the cooks didn’t expect that
the company will be able to catch it
Fernando gear is certainly amazing but
how did the company start how wisely did it
returning to his own gates and where to pista
conditional things
less than 60 leopard does not happen practically
never suar from penalty to champions and
here such things are appreciated sometimes and
doubly well how it all turned out
ordered the company and then the company in
one episode played brilliantly put
was not easy to beat him
jaco plays david on the seventh ran
penalty all this perepasovki needed
in order for there to be applied
finally jack
I want to hear how cool this sand is
pretty much in the morning before others
options there is such a thing yes and
acting champions what gear
passed Suarez and Joe Hart during
raki leaves flow
not set up long hitting your position
this is for him and the chordi alba distance is already
in the gangway but pauses by the way pause
good and look again I imagine
Now here's who looks to me I'm 2 too
wanted to say it's time they knew
maybe already black seems that
new for now just have nothing to lose
Well, this is a question of reputation.
and for peregrine for its football players
cinder post when team with sword
individual efforts of the players strongly
Nasri Aguero
and here one more time and it is I Margot
wriggles hart and its type
such up
knead another gear on left on and
more once the plane is already very clever
beat and not instead of here just pierce
but everything was side by side again and in
in general, somehow add something special
no felix baikal here is such a story
with ricochets daniela daniela
here so empty hit and the ball wouldn't become
eyes right-left not every what
the company plays just because of the moat
here
from the net weak from barcelona very
good
I always when if somehow scolded
chimney can praise the leopard very
seriously and there still in this one started the first
lived in the second half scoring chances
delivers David Silva outgoing 5 city ​​pack
hit just once a wrestler maybe
however much he is
there may be another moment now
Aguero has long owned nothing
nobody gives you them if you are time
missed means 2 everything will be given
harder but again the city ​​played great
Jack takes the earrings to drop kick the ball
demi kellys but purely positional 1 moro
held back
specialist
obchak pressed Lionel
berkeley gorgeous denyo ago
they still sneaked into someone else's punishment
square
cliché selected further on fernandinho
transfer silva great after all heel
left but yeah and it seemed to me that
do you understand this pass heel silva
so now he looks in every
aguero of course well who are you there will not be
prove that I will submit both of them
not able to play and purely protective
the defender then whatever he played marcelo but
Of course, and the nuts decided not everything except
I pass the last pass of Tayson only and
now remove the distance
he already had a yellow card he will
so and so missed the response mother and here
also city ​​on the ending
so skipped now may not fly
because flew to the tribute to alves it
not all
We look now dirty in front of James
Miller in left-back position
against adriano for the passionate alba brooch
runs ran mission
gru wizard's mountains yes how about joe hart
that he jumped would he miss up
that jump to and so were the dangers of che
never filed
cause there is still a minority
here a penalty for 3 months worked together
surely perform niver suarez tackle
record too
it is obviously the last time for them
the episode in this match runs up funny
and don't score
really hard big done not
jerked